MINIRALLY/README.md, before:

# Game"MINIRALLY"

It is an imitation of the popular real game Mini rally, programed with QuickBasic 4.5, monochromatic displays (those times).

**Game description**

Drive a car, avoid crash, stop to reload gas and have fun along five levels that required much effort to design.

## Enjoy at

Remember read Installation section (below in this same document)

* From itchio: https://mfontanadev.itch.io/minirally

* From git ("release" folder): https://github.com/mfontanadev/retroProjects/raw/main/MINIRALLY/release/MINIRALLY.zip

## Motivation

- NOTE: English is not my first language and the game has not localization, but I made a document with some translation see "doc" folder inside the .zip.

- The original motivations was learning about programming.

- I tried to make a simulation of a real life toy called mini rally (90's)

- This remake motivation is to share with the humanity this that I made.

<table>
    <tr>
        <th width="720px" align="center">
        <img width="720px"
src="https://github.com/mfontanadev/retroProjects/raw/main/MINIRALLY/doc/game_screenshot.png">
        </th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th align="center">
            MINIRALLY screenshot
        </th>
    </tr>
</table>

<table>
    <tr>
        <th width="360px" align="center">
        <img width="360px"
src="https://github.com/mfontanadev/retroProjects/raw/main/MINIRALLY/doc/real_toy_picture.jpg">
        </th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th align="center">
            Real toy
        </th>
    </tr>
</table>

## Installation

0-It works on Windows, Linux (not compatible), Mac (not compatible).

1-Inside MINIRALLY.zip you will find two folders (you can choose any): 

A) Folder ending with -EMUL, this version uses a DOS emulator. In this case execute the file called "play_minimized.bat".

NOTE: DOS emulation is done using DOSBox-0.72 it allows to switch into monochromatic screen resolution and execute the .exe old file.

B) Folder ending with -WIN10, this version was compiled with QB64 and do not need emulation. In this case execute thr file called "play.bat".



## Build a new version / Sources / Code explanation

This time there in no source code (at least for the moment).

## References

* DOSBox-0.72:  https://www.dosbox.com/download.php?main=1

## Contact

* site: [https://mfontanadev.github.io](https://mfontanadev.github.io)

* twitter: [https://twitter.com/mfontanadev](https://twitter.com/mfontanadev)

* git: [https://github.com/mfontanadev](https://github.com/mfontanadev)

* linkedin: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/mauricio-fontana-8285681b/?originalSubdomain=ar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mauricio-fontana-8285681b/?originalSubdomain=ar)

Commit message:

MINIRALY: spliting DOS and WIN10 version of zip files

MINIRALLY/README.md, after:

# Game"MINIRALLY"

It is an imitation of the popular real game Mini rally, programed with QuickBasic 4.5, monochromatic displays (those times).

**Game description**

Drive a car, avoid crash, stop to reload gas and have fun along five levels that required much effort to design.

## Enjoy at

Remember read Installation section (below in this same document)

* From itchio: https://mfontanadev.itch.io/minirally

* From git ("release" folder): https://github.com/mfontanadev/retroProjects/raw/main/MINIRALLY/release/MINIRALLY.zip

## Motivation

- NOTE: English is not my first language and the game has not localization, but I made a document with some translation see "doc" folder inside the .zip.

- The original motivations was learning about programming.

- I tried to make a simulation of a real life toy called mini rally (90's)

- This remake motivation is to share with the humanity this that I made.

<table>
    <tr>
        <th width="720px" align="center">
        <img width="720px"
src="https://github.com/mfontanadev/retroProjects/raw/main/MINIRALLY/doc/game_screenshot.png">
        </th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th align="center">
            MINIRALLY screenshot
        </th>
    </tr>
</table>

<table>
    <tr>
        <th width="360px" align="center">
        <img width="360px"
src="https://github.com/mfontanadev/retroProjects/raw/main/MINIRALLY/doc/real_toy_picture.jpg">
        </th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th align="center">
            Real toy
        </th>
    </tr>
</table>

## Installation

0-It works on Windows, Linux (not compatible), Mac (not compatible).

1-MINIRALLY cames in two flavours, emulated and win10+ compatibility.

A) Zip file ending with -EMUL uses a DOS emulator. In this case execute the file called "play_minimized.bat".

NOTE: DOS emulation is done using DOSBox-0.72 it allows to switch into monochromatic screen resolution and execute the .exe old file.

B) Zip file ending with -WIN10 was compiled using QB64 no need to emulate DOS. In this case execute thr file called "play.bat".

NOTE: !!!!If antivirus says that there is a Trojan, is is false positive, there in no virus in the .exe file!!!

## Build a new version / Sources / Code explanation

This time there in no source code (at least for the moment).

## References

* DOSBox-0.72:  https://www.dosbox.com/download.php?main=1

## Contact

* site: [https://mfontanadev.github.io](https://mfontanadev.github.io)

* twitter: [https://twitter.com/mfontanadev](https://twitter.com/mfontanadev)

* git: [https://github.com/mfontanadev](https://github.com/mfontanadev)

* linkedin: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/mauricio-fontana-8285681b/?originalSubdomain=ar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mauricio-fontana-8285681b/?originalSubdomain=ar)
